Update CHANGELOG for v0.10.0 release (#634)
ethereum/evmone: CHANGELOG.md

## [0.10.0] — unreleased

The highlights of this release are support for [Shanghai] execution specification upgrade

> and implementation of EOF "v1.0". There are also big enhancements to the EVM testing tools

Reviewer: I'd highlight t8n here.

and infrastructure.

> Traditionally, the EVM performance has been improved as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As is tradition, the EVM performance has been improved as well.
```
